docs: update withDefaultFonts description (#4860)
scalar/scalar: documentation/configuration.md

#### withDefaultFonts?: boolean

> By default we’re using Inter and JetBrains Mono, served by from our fonts CDN at `https://fonts.scalar.com`. If you use a different font or just don't want to load web fonts, pass `withDefaultFonts: false` to the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default we’re using Inter and JetBrains Mono, served from our fonts CDN at `https://fonts.scalar.com`. 

If you use a different font or just don’t want to load web fonts, pass `withDefaultFonts: false` to the configuration.
```
